[DOCS] Add description of X-Opaque-ID and trace.id (#81433)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/api-conventions.asciidoc

{es} only supports UTF-8-encoded JSON. {es} ignores any other encoding headings
sent with a request. Responses are also UTF-8 encoded.

> [discrete]
> === X-Opaque-id requirements
> `X-opaque-id` - a header used by elasticsearch to allow identify and correlate
> the origin of the request with the {es} logs. It is emitted in deprecation
> logs as `elasticsearch.x-opaque-id` (both JSON log file and indexed logs)
> and is used together with `key` of the deprecation to deduplicate deprecation logs.
> 
> See link:./server/src/main/java/org/elasticsearch/common/logging/RateLimitingFilter.java[RateLimitingFilter]
> which is used for both indexing deprecation logs and writing to a file.
> 
> The use of `x-opaque-id` in deduplication can be turned off for indexed
> deprecation logs with the use of `cluster.deprecation_indexing.x_opaque_id_used.enabled`.
> This is intended to be used for small clusters which are limited in resources.
> 
> This setting will not affect writing deprecation logs to file.
> 
> It is emitted also in search slow logs as an `id` field and in audit logs as `opaque_id`.
> The value is also present in <<_identifying_running_tasks, `task api`>>.
> 
> This header can contain any value, but should be from a finite set.
> If there is a lot of different `x-opaque-id` values, it will prevent deduplication from working

Reviewer: This section currently duplicates content on other pages. I'd rather link to those pages so users can get more context.

```suggestion
[discrete]
[[x-opaque-id]]
=== `X-Opaque-Id` HTTP header

You can pass an `X-Opaque-Id` HTTP header to track the origin of a request in
{es} logs and tasks. If provided, {es} surfaces the `X-Opaque-Id` value in the:

* Response of any request that includes the header
* <<_identifying_running_tasks,Task management API>> response
* <<_identifying_search_slow_log_origin,Slow logs>>
* <<deprecation-logging,Deprecation logs>>

For the deprecation logs, {es} also uses the `X-Opaque-Id` value to throttle
and deduplicate deprecation warnings. See <<_deprecation_logs_throttling>>.

The `X-Opaque-Id` header accepts any arbitrary value. However, we recommend you
limit these values to a finite set. Don't generate a unique `X-Opaque-Id` header
for every request. Too many unique `X-Opaque-Id` values can prevent {es} from
deduplicating warnings in the deprecation logs.
```

> [discrete]
> === traceparent requirements
> `traceparent` - a header used by ES to allow tracing capabilities across the stack.
> This field has a structure that has to be followed.
> 
> ES uses the `trace-id field from that header.
> https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/#traceparent-header
> 
> Example:
> [source,txt]
> ------------------------------
> `transparent`: 00-0af7651916cd43dd8448eb211c80319c-b7ad6b7169203331-01
> `trace.id`: 0af7651916cd43dd8448eb211c80319c
> ------------------------------
> 
> `trace-id` is emitted as `trace.id` in  ES’s JSON logs - server.json,
> search slow log, indexing slow log, deprecation logs
> and indexed deprecation logs.
> 
> It is not used for deduplicating deprecation logs and can be a generated
> value per each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[discrete]
[[traceparent]]
=== `traceparent` HTTP header

{es} also supports a `traceparent` HTTP header using the
https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/#traceparent-header[official W3C trace
context spec]. You can use the `traceparent` header to trace requests across
Elastic products and other services. Because it's only used for traces, you can
safely generate a unique `traceparent` header for each request.

If provided, {es} surfaces the header's `trace-id` value as `trace.id` in the:

* <<logging,JSON {es} server logs>>
* <<_identifying_search_slow_log_origin,Slow logs>>
* <<deprecation-logging,Deprecation logs>>

For example, the following `traceparent` value would produce the following
`trade.id` value in the above logs.

[source,txt]
----
`traceparent`: 00-0af7651916cd43dd8448eb211c80319c-b7ad6b7169203331-01
`trace.id`: 0af7651916cd43dd8448eb211c80319c
----
```
